README.md, before:

# Pokemon Red / Blue (+ Green)
A ROM edit of Pokemon Red / Blue where you play as Green, the original gal trainer from first gen concept art!

## How do I play?
Included are patches for Red / Blue, which are lists of changes to the actual game files themselves. Using [Lunar IPS](http://fusoya.eludevisibility.org/lips/), patch an existing (legally obtained + owned!) Pokemon Red or Blue rom (.gbc) with the corresponding .ips patch. Then run the resulting file with a GBC emulator of your choice!

## What do these patches change?
Sprites associated with Green, her name options, and character dialogue that relates to her gender in any way. There isn't a lot, and I tried to keep changes minimal so it'd be as much like the originals as possible.

## Uh who's this lady
So the original guide book for Pokemon Red / Green / Blue featured a mysterious trainer with her own starter Pokemon alongside Red and Blue. She also appeared with them in craft book Pokemon Craft DX, and most significantly in the Pokemon Adventures manga as (the unreasonably cool) Green. Leaf, the female protagonist in FireRed / LeafGreen, has a very similar design, and upon the games' release Green changed her outfit to Leaf's as well. It's not confirmed, but Green being intended to be a trainer character in the original games seems to be the prevalent theory.

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/T2v1klE.jpg" height="300">
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/C2mA2St.png" height="300">
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/sZPgiAt.png" height="300">

Anyway point is: she's rad and stylish and you can play as her!

## Screenshots
![Title screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/iyjAGBb.png)
![Overworld screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/kqSmiX5.png)
![Battle screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/ga6yUE1.png)

## Who owns this?
This is just a patch! Pokemon, the game itself, and the trainer design all belong to Nintendo + Game Freak; I just made the trainer sprites and the few dialogue changes that make up the patch itself.

Commit message:

Updated README to link to the Red/Blue disassembly.

README.md, after:

# Pokemon Red / Blue (+ Green)
A ROM edit of Pokemon Red / Blue where you play as Green, the original gal trainer from first gen concept art!

## How do I play?
Included are patches for Red / Blue, which are lists of changes to the actual game files themselves. Using [Lunar IPS](http://fusoya.eludevisibility.org/lips/), patch an existing (legally obtained + owned!) Pokemon Red or Blue rom (.gbc) with the corresponding .ips patch. Then run the resulting file with a GBC emulator of your choice!

## What do these patches change?
Sprites associated with Green, her name options, and character dialogue that relates to her gender in any way. There isn't a lot, and I tried to keep changes minimal so it'd be as much like the originals as possible.

## Uh who's this lady
So the original guide book for Pokemon Red / Green / Blue featured a mysterious trainer with her own starter Pokemon alongside Red and Blue. She also appeared with them in craft book Pokemon Craft DX, and most significantly in the Pokemon Adventures manga as (the unreasonably cool) Green. Leaf, the female protagonist in FireRed / LeafGreen, has a very similar design, and upon the games' release Green changed her outfit to Leaf's as well. It's not confirmed, but Green being intended to be a trainer character in the original games seems to be the prevalent theory.

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/T2v1klE.jpg" height="300">
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/C2mA2St.png" height="300">
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/sZPgiAt.png" height="300">

Anyway point is: she's rad and stylish and you can play as her!

## Screenshots
![Title screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/iyjAGBb.png)
![Overworld screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/kqSmiX5.png)
![Battle screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/ga6yUE1.png)

## Credits?
This is just a patch! Pokemon, the game itself, and the trainer design all belong to Nintendo + Game Freak; I just made the trainer sprites and the few dialogue changes that make up the patch itself. Also thanks to [the Pokered disassembly](https://github.com/pret/pokered) for making the creation process so easy!
